Object inheritance (Maybe better with Interfaces/ECS instead of single inheritance? 
Need to checkout https://hackernoon.com/ecs-vs-oop-by-example-daa712b24869)
    Entity
        BodyPart
            Limb
                BoneIn
                Tentacle
            Organ
                (Organ system is the most non-human aspect, as we will want to split/combine organ functions to serve gameplay possibilities)
                GuttyWorks (combined esophagus, stomach, duodenum, large and small intestines)
                DigestiveCatalyzer (GallBladder, Liver, Spleen? I forget what organs do)
            Digit
            SenseOrgan
            Brain
            Spine                
    Mutation (Perk System)
        
            
Development Itinerary
    Simple Combat Anatomy - generic RPG limbs you can damage
    Base Menu System, Inputs
    Start, Save, Load, Exit, Main Screen
    Marsupial Pouch & Inventory system
    Caloric Needs (Sum of bodypart caloric needs) & Environmental food sources (fungi), with very simple cannibalism
    Base Behaviors: Move and Attack player, Neutral wander, Seek Food

Game Concept
    Player is a Grumpkin, a member of a primitive species on Planet Grump. (Names are retarded placeholders)
    Grumpkins have a very simple but amazingly resilient biology. Their body parts can be severed and grafted with near infinite freedom, and regenerative capabilities can generally make the new graft function perfectly. If you can find the calories to feed your growing body, you can let your creativity free and make all manner of new body-tools.
    Intergalactic law prohibits interference with primitive species and pillaging of native resources, but the humans have been eyeing the extremely rare resource Grumpkinium-420 on Planet Grump for quite some time. Some time ago the megacorps' legal departments figured out a passable legal loophole to evade these restrictions. They have sent down constructors for resource automats that accept Grumpkinium in exchange for rewards. The Grumpkins are not very bright, but a few of them do figure out how to get cool stuff from the automats. The Grumpkinium remitted is then fired up to orbital stations via space elevator.
Game Phases
    Surface: The Grumpkins on the surface are small, cherubic, feeble, and generally quite peaceful. Native fungi don't thrive on the surface much, so they subsist on a low caloric intake. You begin the game on the surface as a cute little baby Grumpkin, scavenging Grumpkinium dust for fun toys and drugs. But if you want to go any deeper, you'll need to get tough. You can prey on the mostly defenseless cherubs of the surface at little risk, at first. Maybe fashion or buy some simple weapons or tools. The surface is mostly bright, innocent, and even a little bit cutesy.
    Upper Levels: Tougher Grumpkins venture down into the endless caves of Planet Grump, feasting on plentiful fungi, and each other. They often venture up to the surface to eat tender cherubs. During this phase, you'll need to start grafting body parts to build your body into a killing machine.
    Middle Levels: The toughest Grumpkins don't bother going back to the surface. The Middle Levels are a hellscape of nonstop violence of every kind. Grumpkins devour each other to build themselves into enormous monstrosities. 
    Bottom Levels: So far, any freight elevator you enter will kill you if you're inside it during a launch - they have robust sterilizing equipment capable of killing any lifeform inside the cargo compartment. But down here, you see humans conducting illegal mining of Grumpkinium-420. This must mean they have a means of bypassing the upper levels, most likely using elevators that do not sterilize their contents until passengers have exited. This means that if you fight your way through the lightly armed groups of humans down here, you might be able to secure a trip on one of the elevators. Where will that take you?
    LodeStar Orbital Freight Station: You made it! Welcome aboard. I like the new human parts you added, very chic. Please exit the cargo compartment before you are vaporized along with all organic matter inside. This is our happy little mining station, bristling with heavily-armed security teams. Please feel free to tear the place apart and kill everyone you see. 

Desired Experiences - Not hard-coded, but checkpoints of emergent qualities that should arise from base mechanics
    Brain damage your foes to make them your retarded slaves
    Spermjack the foes too dangerous to fight with a prehensile pussy-tentacle to get their valuable DNA
    Use an eyeball on a limb to peek around corners
    Excrete noxious gases for fun & profit
    Create a nonsentient living biomatter processing station out of spare parts to do the intensive digestion for you - and you get to eat the creamy result
    Attach a brilliant foe's head to your body as a consultant slave to make use of his knowledge. If he's originally human, he'll probably go insane so get what use you can out of him quickly.

